Make ansible_index.rst more readable (#77225)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/ansible_index.rst

You can learn more at `AnsibleFest <https://www.ansible.com/ansiblefest>`_, the annual event for all Ansible contributors, users, and customers hosted by Red Hat. AnsibleFest is the place to connect with others, learn new skills, and find a new friend to automate with.

> Ansible manages machines in an agent-less manner. There is never a question of how to upgrade remote daemons or the problem of not being able to manage systems because daemons are uninstalled. Also, security exposure is greatly reduced because Ansible uses OpenSSH — the premier connectivity tool for remote login with the SSH (Secure Shell) protocol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible manages machines in an agent-less manner. There is never a question of how to upgrade remote daemons or the problem of not being able to manage systems because daemons are uninstalled. Also, security exposure is greatly reduced because Ansible uses OpenSSH — the open source connectivity tool for remote login with the SSH (Secure Shell) protocol. 
```
